is that George, in my judgment, is one of the truly
unusual captains of industry in our country,
indeed in the world. He has an intellectual
curiosity that's refreshing. He's not just
focused on the business. He's really interested
in a broad spectrum of human life. He's
incredibly bright. He's got a memory like a steel
trap. And I really have grown to love him and
respect him because of that. He's a humanist. He
has an interest in the globe. He's unusual. And
it's not well known. He's not perceived that way.
No, not the outside. Inside, yes. We get this
pretty consistently. The guy's brutally honest
with himself and with everybody else. So in that
sense, you would not be surprised. Thank you,
Donna. You're welcome. You would not be surprised
once you know this about him. That he does these
things. That he would be interested in such a
project. Good. And not be daunted by the
challenge. That's another side of the George
Mitchell story. Yeah. That's pretty impressive.
Yeah, you bet. A
person who's become A good friend of mine over,
since I've been at HAARC, is from Switzerland
named Luke Tissot. And Luke and I spend a fair
amount of time talking about this cultural
difference between our sectors of society. And
this trip to Eastern Europe a couple weeks ago, we
were together. We spoke of this again. And
I'm reminded of our discussion at this point about
George is that in the academic world, when you're
sitting around and having a collegial
discussion, the important thing is to have a good
problem.
And what people want to know is, what's your
problem? What are you working on? What are you
trying to solve? But the focus is on the problem.
That's right. And in the business world, You are a
deliverer of good solutions. And in the academic
world, you're a deliverer of good problems. And it
really is clean, and it really clarifies it. And
people that can do both are rare, rare, rare.
Because the worst thing to have happen in the
academic world is to come up with an elegant
solution that destroys your problem.
Particularly if it's worth money. That's why more
study is needed, isn't it? I mean, if you make money
doing it, I mean, you're really screwed up. That's
right. So then you look like one of them instead of
one of us. And the economic feeding chain is not
well understood, or not even interested,
typically, in being understood in our
traditional academic world, and that has to
change. And it is changing. And if we can lead the
change, rather than wait until economic reality
forces the change, we can anticipate and initiate
to cause it before it hits us and forces it. See, our
government's out of control. I mean, it's
embarrassing to be from this country right now.
And these guys in our congressional
representatives in both the Senate and the House.
They just can't believe the reality of where they
are. And hence, they can't deal with it. They
cannot deal with it. And finally, it'll get dealt
with by the laws of Mother Nature, not through
leadership. Who was it that said, change happens
in a democracy by two ways, leadership, crisis,
and mostly by crisis? But see, George would take
this challenge on. Yeah. as an interesting
problem that needs a solution, let's go get the
solution. And he just goes after the solution. And
indeed, in fact, the whole concept of it seems to be
the idea that he is going to manage change over a
very long period. You bet. And he's creating a town
here. It's a vision. This isn't a real estate
project. He's creating a town.
So let's put the super glider back into that. Yeah,
so the super glider was project that at an
executive committee meeting of Hark's board on
which I served I said okay
this is a project which is arisen on the campus of
Texas A&M as an official of that institution
I'm empowered to commit that institution,
backing fully for this institution, to take the
lead. And I commit to HARC that Texas A&M will do
whatever it can to back HARC's lead in taking on the
proposal for the super plan. And the executive
committee voted that that was a good project for
HARC to do. took it on and I went back and at the next
executive committee meeting at A&M, I said, by the
way, I could tell you what I did. And everybody
said, wonderful Porter, that's why we put you on
the board. You know? So, uh, I said, well, we're
committed. Everybody said, great. Just tell us
what we need to do next. And so we created then in the
fall, in the spring of 1984 to get us back in the time
and to get me here, which is where you want to go. the
Texas Accelerator Center as an arm of PARCC. OK.
That is now before? Before I come.
I think that's March of 84.
And about that time. So right now, PARCC is an
entity. And HARC, and you're on the board, and HARC
is looking at a super collider, a super computer,
and the Texas Accelerator Center. Well, the Texas
Accelerator Center and the super collider are one
and the same project. The Texas Accelerator
Center is the formal mechanism to pursue the super
collider. And so HARC agrees to commit $1.6
million to support the establishment of the Texas
Accelerator Center at HARC. And where is that
money coming from? It's coming from the
endowment, or not endowment, but the budgetary
commitment to HARC from George. Is there any
university money in that pot? None. Not in that
$1.6 million. Now, several of the universities
also committed financial support to the team. And
I think Texas A&M ended up with In the final
analysis, I don't know when you say final
analysis, but over the period of a few years after I
did come, it was something like a million dollars
total when HAARC had maybe five million total in
it. So now the accelerator center is launched. The
supercomputer proposal is in preparation and
being submitted. And the laser center, Doctors
Margrave and Barry from Rice, have an opportunity
to go after a contract that is classified, or could
be classified, when it is not permitted on Rice
University's campus. As HARC is an outlet for
faculty that wants to do proprietary and
classified research, they turn to HARC to say,
gee, can we move this to HARC. Which is the purpose
of HARC. That's right. And so the Laser
Applications Research Center, or what would
become the Laser Applications Research Center,
begins. This is also in 84. So at this point in time,
HARCs begin to have some things. The executive
committee says, oh, and also we have a big glitch
with Harvey McMains, who turns out to claim to be
several things he wasn't. There's a big
embarrassment, and he's invited to leave. And so
he leaves, and
the board decides, boy, there's some things that
look like could really begin here. We need to get
some, sure enough, leadership full time. Hydric
and Struggles is hired. Who is that? Hydric and
Struggles, executive search firm. They're hired
to do a search
to find a president. And George comes to me and
says, I'd like to nominate you to become the
president of Harvard.
And this is in the
summer of 84.
And
he says, following that, or maybe at that time,
that he's talked, or he will talk, or he wants to
talk. to Hanson and Vandiver to be sure this is
comfortable with him, for him to even do this, that
he doesn't want to make them mad about recruiting
somebody away from there, et cetera, et cetera.
And I'll tell him, I'm not sure I'm interested in
the job, but I'll think about it. Because I've been
through this a couple times now in my life. So
that's when I really sit down and, reflect on what
I've already just finished telling you about the
history of A&M. And so I'll talk to George some more
about really what his view is. And this is where I
begin to get this vision myself. Damn, I think
maybe Mitchell from the industry sector of our
society has been having the same kind of feelings
and visions of what's needed that I've been having
over here in the higher education sector. and that
there might be a coming together out here. So we
talked some more, and
I went off to Scotland for a week to really think
about it, and decided that, well, I didn't have
anything to lose to agree to look at it. So I agreed
to be a candidate. And so then they did a nationwide
search. And when the smoke cleared, I got offered
the job.
Which was? Which was what's interesting, because
there was going to be a meeting of the full board of
HART in November of 84. And George wanted my answer
by the first of November, so he could have all of
this officially formally ratified at that board
meeting and have the board there to meet me. See,
I'd never met the board. The telephone board,
you've never met the board? No, yeah, I mean there
was George and myself and John Margrave from Rice
and David Gottlieb from U of H, and I don't even
believe we had anybody from UT at that time. Maybe
Jerry Funkin was coming on. And a guy named
Mitchell. Gee, I don't know why I can't think of his
name right now. Colson Tuff. And Colson was
actually on the board. And that was the executive
committee. And during this period of time, David
Gottlieb stepped in as interim president or
acting president because McBain's had left and
the search was on. So George and I got together
downtown, I remember, in his office finally in
late October and finally hammered out the
agreement on me coming here. And I agreed and then I
came down for the meeting in November and began on
like a day a week to transition from College
Station to here in November and December. And then
I moved here January 1st, 1985. And
Biddy stayed in College Station because Paige was
a senior in high school. So she was there through
the summer. I lived here in just the apartment for
the first six months. which worked out to be great
because that's all I did was work. Because HARC was
an office in a rental building with a secretary
down on Grover's Mill, the accelerator center was
coming together. It had been operational some six
or nine months at that point in time. The team was
assembling and equipment was coming in. Things
were being set up. We've been successful in
receiving a $4 million contract from DOE to do
magnet design. I
showed up here in January on
a full-time basis. And you were in. Pretty much.
You and your secretary. I was in. We had that
contract.
I mean, there really hadn't been any leadership.
Nobody knew how to run such an institution or
organization. We had a $4 million contract from
DOE. Books had been kept on the back of envelopes.
We had an audit, DOE audit, coming up.
It was a mess. I mean, a big time mess. And
fortunately, most of,
within the next
12 months, most of a rather excellent team that I
had managed to put together for the engineering
experiment station. So one by one came down here
and said, gee, you've got a job. And most of them are
here. And so HART got a real leveraged management
structure benefit by the fact that the team that
had been building the Engineering Experiment
Station wanted to do this very risky thing down
here. And you're doing basically the same things
you were doing at Texas A&M, but you're in the
private sector. Or is that a fair? Yeah, I think
that's fair. You're working with the same
structures. You work in academia, state
government. in the private industry, but now
you're working in this industry? From the private
sector side. And my extrapolation that I
mentioned earlier, that private makes a
difference, does. It's a breath of fresh air.
There's almost a self-imposed cloak of concern
about the public, protecting the public. I mean,
there really is an importance. There's a
fiduciary responsibility there
that I'm not sure how to describe it, but it's real.
But at heart, I'm doing this now not to say that this
last five years hasn't been really interesting.
I've probably learned more in the last five years
than I've learned in the previous 50 or 40 or
whatever it is. But at any rate, dealing with four
institutions now instead of one.
Is it more now that you're cooperating with them as
volunteer organizations out there? Well, as
associates, what kind of relationship do you
describe? OK, it's matured and it's evolved,
both. Initially, HARC was owned by the four
founders, which at that point in time were the
four.
HARC had a 29-member board, four board members
from each of the four founding institutions
formed 16 members of this 29, and then the others
were pretty much elected.
In most cases,
many if not most, these were faculty members that
never served on a board of anything, certainly a
corporate board, an institutional board. So
you're really in the same situation in a way,
mentally, that you left Texas A&M? In some ways,
the board members are there more to protect the
interest of their home institutions as opposed to
build a new one, which you could understand.
And with a culture of...
Their institution is the most important thing. It
was intriguing and interesting to come to these
meetings because they could see and watch their
colleagues from other institutions. But coming
to HARC with a HARC hat to build HARC as a board
member with fiduciary board member
responsibilities responsible to the publics
that support HARC isn't even in the mental
perspective of most of these people. They don't
have a perspective of what that means. And they're
even collaborating, working at it before anyway.
Well, but never certainly been on the board of a
non-profit institution where you have a
fiduciary responsibility to the public that
supports it.
And also,
that structure began to create
particularly, I think, for the University of
Texas and Texas A&M, who
perceive themselves as big enough to do anything
alone,
almost always, that if HARC, with one of the other
institutions, went after a contract that they
wanted to go after individually. There was the
opportunity for the contractor
to come to the conclusion that if they funded HARC,
they would be funding the other institution
anyway, since the other institution owned HARC.
which put them in the awkward and uncomfortable
position of kind of competing with themselves.
And very understandable. And so Bill Cunningham
in particular got uncomfortable about that,
which I understood and concurred with. And until
Hark was Hark, not the sibling or the slave, so to
speak.
So until HARC was HARC, as really an independent
institution, that these collaborative
institutions could on their own initiative, when
they wanted to, when they felt it was to their
benefit, decide to come when we requested or when
they requested and said, hey, let's do this deal
together. And when they didn't, they didn't. And
it was just clean. And we could get a smaller board
of experienced people, but without losing, and
nobody wanted to lose any of the sense that these
institutions were in any way withdrawing from
HARC or their commitment. So in one-on-one
sessions with each of the presidents of the
universities, I talked through this with each one
of them. Our individual and then collective
agreement was that we would change it. Hark would
be owned by Hark, not by them.
Now, who appoints? Does the president still
appoint? No. You make that appointment? No. The
new bylaws are we have a 15-member board. The
president of HARC, Texas A&M, Reich, UT Austin,
and University of Houston all serve on HARC's
board. Oh, OK. And then 10 members are elected. OK.
So by having the presidents of those institutions
serve on HARC's board, it still makes a very strong
commitment of the institution. Certainly does.
And we've got another level of experienced person
as opposed to just a double E professor who's asked
to serve. When did that change? Last year. Now, do
you see Hart then as a, what's your view of Hart in
terms of the Houston economic community, the
Texas community, the regional, whatever? Where
are you in terms of this whole complex? Well. You
don't really see a woodlands entity here
particularly at all. Woodlands only. Yeah, I
mean, you have little to do. You just happen to
reside in one of those. That's it. Okay, that's
good. No, and I have a very, very global view of
this. Yeah, that's what I mean. Which is probably
so big that most people, A, would scoff at it
because, E, it's too big, or, B, it's not
understandable. Well, here in super colliders
and supercomputers, you know, that's pretty big.
Stop. And I assume you're going beyond that. Yeah,
we are. At least that's my intention. But my view is
that, and this is a global view, there's going to be
maybe a dozen, probably less, regions on Earth
that are going to be meaningful communities where
bright people can really make things happen. And
there's enough infrastructure and
understanding of what to do with what I call an
intellectual product. That America. You and your
man are helping build that infrastructure. For
the nation. But it happens to be domiciled. It's
just circumstantial that it's here. I think it's
the right place to be. Now, do you think Research
Center is in North Carolina or Silicon Valley?
Does any of that really enter into your thinking as
a model? No, not much. I know it does more in Georgia
than mine. But I think my view of this is much more
global than George's.
Which sometimes bothers me, because I have great
respect for George's view. But George doesn't see
things much international, doesn't really much
like the international sense of things. Rarely
travels outside of the country. But that's not a
criticism, it's an observation. His interest in
the globe and global issues is well known and
certainly he's an unusual thinker on things like
energy from a global perspective and population
control and the environment and those issues and
very much interested in those issues and
independently supports and involves himself
with that.
This goes back to my personal gut-level feeling of
20 years ago, at least, is that we as a nation have
got to do something more in the economic feeding
chain. And those of us that have had the benefit of
an education and have an opportunity,
particularly from a science and technology point
of view, to do something about turning these ideas
into meaningful value-added products have got to
do something more than sit behind the hedges. I
guess this really began to settle in on me when I was
arguing for the budgets in the Texas legislature
and getting a first-hand view of all the other
demands on the tax dollar and thinking through the
feeding chain.
If there weren't a lot of healthy Texas
instruments out there, there weren't a lot of
healthy people living up and down the streets that
we all live on, with enough money to send their kids
to college, who we could then, as professors, have
the privilege of training, who could then go out
and use their logically trained minds to generate
in a competitive way new products and new jobs that
pay the taxes, that send the money to Austin, that
give it back to the universities in the line-iron
budget. And the worst thing that we could do would
be to quit working with the source of the funds that
feed us. And that feeding chain is just not
understood on a campus. Money just comes from
somewhere. They owe it to us because God sent me
here as an educated person to do good things. I'm
trying to develop really as much for our nation as
for our state or our city, although I believe we're
in the right state and the best city to do it. And I
think we're in the best part of the city to do it.
Even in retrospect, if I was starting it all over,
and I had the choice, I'd do it here. And certainly
being done with the right people, and that is
particularly George, who has been an incredible
supporter of this institution. It goes well
beyond any self-interest of helping the
woodlands, what George is doing. I mean, he'll not
see the return investment-wise, on what he's put
into HARC. And he has a genuine interest and vision
in the institutions that are affiliated with HARC
and an appreciation for that and a desire to see
this happen.
But I'm convinced that, as a nation, we have to
discover a new way to compete or we're not going to
be competitive. I think it's already happening to
us. the bright people that we have, whether
they're in the academic sector, the industry
sector, or the government sector, there's about
2%, equivalent
with the number I use, 2%. I call them the 2%ers,
that are not fully employed, regardless of which
sector they're in. If they're in the academic
sector, industry finds them and hires them as
consultants. Government finds them and uses them
in different capacities. Advisors, whatever. If
they're in the industry sector, they teach a
course in the university as a visiting professor
or they start something else in their garage.
These are people whose energy level and intellect
goes beyond what the institution's normal
ability to absorb it and effectively use it is. And
these people typically cause problems in those
institutions. They're the ones, though, by the
view of the other 98%, but they're the ones that
drag the institutions kicking and screaming into
the future. In an academic environment, there's
no synergistic place where these two presenters
can come together.
So if you're off consulting for Boeing and you're
an aerospace engineer at major university X, then
you rarely ever see the engineer from major
university Y who also consults for Boeing, unless
they happen to put you the same project, or
certainly if they're consulting for McDonnell
Douglas.
And in this kind of general sense, this intuitive
sense that there's value in bringing a Texas
Instruments and a Texas A&M together, a place to
more
comfortably do that and to learn how to do it more
efficiently, more effectively. is what I think
we're missing. It's not that we need in our toolbox
to throw away some tools. We need to add a new one
that's a crescent wrench that can be adjusted to
fit the needs of the moment. And the old
traditional ones that always work or usually work
on the standard things that society has to do,
great. You still need the set of box ins. But we've
got to have a new kind of a crescent wrench in there
that can deal with a changing situation and is
adjustable and adaptable. So this is a different
breed of horse. You're putting together the same
corral. They're the free spirits from academia,
from industry, and government. And let me tell you
how it's begun to work already.
You get a guy like Russ Hewson. who's a professor of
physics at Texas A&M. He was recruited in here from
Fermilab as an integral part of the early team that
put us in the competition for a super pilot. And he
holds himself up above all others as a scientist
interested in basic physics, but singularly does
one of the best jobs around here of moving his
technology. that spins out of pursuing building a
system that'll break open a quark so we can
understand the fundamental principles of
matter. The magnets that we designed for the super
collider have incredibly interesting
applications for magnetic resonance imaging.
And we've created a company with Baylor called
BayMed, and we're trying to now work with Humana
Hospital and Siemens in College Station, as a
matter of fact. produce the first prototype and
put it into the private sector for profit. We're
working with… Now is this sort of venture capital
operation or is this a… No, this sure is venture
capital. It's a company that Hark and Baylor
decided to create, which we did two years ago. Did
you use the venture capital? No, no, we put our own
money. We used our own in-house money. Bill
Butler, who's president of Baylor and myself,
just got together and he put in his half and I put in
my half. And
the company now has the license to the technology,
which HARC owns.
And we have a contractual agreement and we license
this rather than starting a company here to build
MRI magnets to compete with Brooker and Siemens
and Hitachi. I mean, that's not the way to go in this
particular instance. You license that
technology. But that same magnet, we're working
with General Electric and General Dynamics
in superconducting magnetic energy storage
device. And now we're forming with Texas A&M a
consortium of General Motors and McDonnell
Douglas. to work on maglev train technology using
that same mag with a new application, which is
technology that HARC owns. And we've applied for
patents on that so that we could have an
American-based maglev technology. Now, here's
this physics professor otherwise doing all this.
And it's happening at HARC. And it wouldn't happen
in the physics department. And here is Monique
Talwani. Who is your contact at Texas A&M as a part
of that collaboration? On the maglev? Yeah. It's a
guy named Bill Harris, who works in the Texas
Transportation Institute. And he's the Steve
Chair of Engineering, the old railroad group. We
looked for five years to fill that chair. I
remember it well. And I was staying in touch with
Charlie Wooten, who's the director of the
Transportation Institute. And of course, Bill,
who's Bill Mobley, who's on my board and president
of ADM. So Bill is in the loop on all of this. And
that's one of the other values, I think, of the
structure, the new structure of HARC, is that the
presidents of the universities, as members of
HARC's board, have the opportunity to declare
early on
about their own institutional interest and
potential conflict of interest that might occur
that we can discuss openly in a board meeting well
before we find ourselves in the middle of
something that happened at the dean's level that
finally surfaced administratively or at the
board level. So you stripped away a lot of the
bureaucracy. Well, hopefully, I've tried to be
efficient in the way we can communicate and decide
that this is what we're going to do. What about from
the other side? You know, you're gifted, perhaps
uniquely gifted, in the sense that you had
experience with industry and academia. Is there a
opportunities for somebody like Exxon, for
example, to come to HARC and say, we need basic R&D
on issue X. Is that happening? Oh, yeah. I was just
going to give you an example with Tawani. And let me
give you the history again to show you some of the
leverage power of the institution when it can be
taken advantage of by one of our collaborative
members. And this worked at A&M with the
internment station. And when the colleges
learned how to use it, really is what leveraged the
research growth. You're far better off if you've
got one full-time position to hire two half-time
people. The question is, what do you do with the
other two half-times? Well, if you put them over in
the engineering experiment section, and you've
got one tenure track position, and that's all
otherwise academically you have, hire two people
on a half-time budget. They're going to work
full-time anyway. you're going to get two
full-time people. We all know how we get leveraged
like that. And offload the other half over in the
other agency, in the sister institution. And then
watch them for a while. And then pick the litter.
And that's what engineering was doing for years
there. Well, in the case of Hart now, particularly
with Rice, a smaller institution, focused
historically extremely high quality
undergraduate education, desires to build its
graduate research program. Hard to attract a
Stanford professor who's got a $250 million a year
research institution and all the leverage that
that brings to an institution with a $20 million a
year research.
So in 1985,
after I had been here maybe six or eight months,
Norm Hackerman called me, who was president of
Rice, and said, gee, Skip, you've created a
geotechnology research institute to support the
energy industry. Now, I know you're looking for a
director. I've got a chance to hire one of the top
five geophysicists in the world, a guy named Mike
Talwani, who was the first director of Lamont at
Columbia, who was chief scientist of Gulf, and
when Chevron bought Gulf, he didn't want to do
that, and we want to offer him the Schlumberger
chair of geophysics and bring him to Rice. But I
can't pay him enough to get him out of that chair,
and I can't get him anyway because the scope of the
research and the opportunity to develop a major
research program is just too limited. But if he's
at heart and he can develop and direct the
Geotechnology Research Institute, Then the
combination of Rice and Hart together is very
intriguing and interesting. And if you could pay a
third of his salary, I'll pay two thirds of his
salary out of the chair. And then together, we can
pay the salaries that are required. And I'll
commit as president of Rice to put him at Hart for
100% time for the first three years to help get the
problem
solved. That sounds like a deal. There was, and we
did it. But look at the advantage to Texas, to
America, so that you can keep this kind of
productive talent moving and excited and
challenged to grow rather than just say, oh, well,
okay, for this phase of my life, I'll just go be a
professional and kind of throttle back. We don't
need throttle back. We need throttle forward in
America. The competitive heat on the street out
there is tough. And...
You know, HARC is not unfolding as I thought it
would five years ago in the details. Overall, I
couldn't be happier. We're well in the window of
expectation, maybe somewhat above the center
part. The structure, I couldn't have written it
down five years ago. It took me three years to
figure out where I thought it needed to do by just
on-the-job training. There isn't a recipe to
follow. I mean, I can't study what somebody else
did here. I can read about SRI, which I've done,
about RTI, and study the relationships between a
federally funded lab like Lincoln and MIT and try
to get the best of all of that. But we're doing
something here from scratch. This is empirically
being built, in my mind. And I'm just flying by the
seat of my pants and trying to use all the good
talent and advice on my board and other places I can
get. And you see yourself primarily as a
facilitator of innovation, of new ideas? In part,
but not primarily. It's hard to come up with a real
simple way to say what we're primarily... You're
not in research, I mean, technically. Oh, yes, we
are. You're in research. Yes, we are. Yes, we are.
And what... So you take a guy now like Andy
Blanchard. who's just replaced David Norton as
director of the Star Center. And he just made full
professor tenure at UT Arlington.
Bright, high energy, two percenter. He has that
same feeling about America, that he can't put to
work the talents and the energy that's in him
Within the framework. Within the framework of
where he is to deliver what he knows or what he wants
to try to deliver for the country. Mitch Eggers
just joined us from MIT in Lincoln. Was the number
one PhD student at Texas A&M eight years ago in
electrical engineering. Incredible reviews
from MIT. What? Just picked up the phone. six
months ago and called his major professor, John
Painter, an old colleague and friend of mine at
A&M, and says, I've got to get out of here. This
place isn't going to hold together. These people
up here just think the federal government is going
to be able to continue to send money. And I've been
screaming this other story, and nobody
understands it. Painter said, why don't you call
Skip Porter? And he called me. I said, come down and
let's talk. And I listened to him in here in my
office for an hour while he said to me what I've been
trying to say to you. And I said, why don't you come
on down here? You found it. And he's here now. He
could be anywhere. Now Rice is going to suck him up
and make a joint appointment. But this will be his
primary place. And he'll outlet and stay in touch.
I've got on the Rice faculty. I don't want to lose my
academic ties. I don't want to lose that. And you
have someone's man in you that you have a similar
arrangement with, don't you? Some new person that
we've... acquired there? Well, of course, Russ
Hewson, the director of the Accelerator Center,
is a faculty member. Oh, and we also have Dimitri
Nonopoulos. Well, I'll tell you the story of
Dimitri. George may have already told you this. He
loves to tell it. No. Well, I and him hired him from
Wisconsin. And Dimitri is one of the top
theoretical astral particle physicist in the
world, was mentioned in scientists as a possible
recipient for the Nobel Prize in physics this
year. And he came to College Station with his wife.
And this was Thanksgiving a year ago, the day
before. Because I remember it well, because
George and I were here with the Metis Foundation,
right here sitting at this very table. And we get
this call from Peter McIntyre. And Colossation's
saying,
Dimitri's wife has looked at Colossation and
says, he's not living here. And he said he can't
take the job.
And we've told him that we've got some other people
that live in the woodlands and are on a joint
apartment, and maybe we could make arrangements
for him to be able to work at Hark, but still hold his
factory, but live in the woodlands. Could you show
him around? I said, well, sit him on down here. And,
of course, Russ was here, and he and his wife Joyce
toured Dimitri and his wife around. But George and
I happened to be here and met Dimitri and his wife,
and they fell in love with the Woodlands, and
they're big city people, and Houston was great,
and they loved Hark. And so he kept the job at A&M
because Hark was here.